justify-content:
flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
center: Items align at the center of the container.
space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.
baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

align-items:
flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

flex-direction:	
row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
column: Items are placed top to bottom.
column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

order:
Sometimes reversing the row or column order of a container is not enough. In these cases, we can apply the order property to individual items. By default, items have a value of 0, but we can use this property to also set it to a positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2).

align-self.
Another property you can apply to individual items is align-self. This property accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item.

flex-wrap
nowrap:Cada item cabe em uma única linha.
wrap: Os itens são agrupados em linhas adicionais.
wrap-reverse: Os itens são agrupados em linhas adicionais ao contrário.

flex-flow
As duas propriedades flex-directione flex-wrapsão usadas juntas com tanta frequência que a propriedade abreviada flex-flowfoi criada para combiná-las. Essa propriedade abreviada aceita o valor das duas propriedades separadas por um espaço.

Por exemplo, você pode usar flex-flow: row wrappara definir linhas e envolvê-las.

align-content
flex-start: As linhas são compactadas na parte superior do contêiner.
flex-end:As linhas são embaladas no fundo do contêiner.
center: As linhas são compactadas no centro vertical do contêiner.
space-between: As linhas são exibidas com espaçamento igual entre elas.
space-around: As linhas são exibidas com espaçamento igual ao redor delas.
stretch: As linhas são esticadas para caber no contêiner.